Bartyzel
Document 14
Gupta, %2
Print
Document
School Libr
BOran2.pd
C https
blackboard andrew.cmu.edu
/bbcswebdav/pid-1094848-dt-content-rid-7120608 1/courses/F16-76101-M/Johns.pdf
Apps Bookmarks d 8tracks radio l Hand
Fastweb Scholarsh
Classes
References
Recipes
Contests
Coursera Free On
Harry Potter as a serious academic subject? What a load of Hogwarts!
By LINDSAY JOHNS
PUBLISHED: 05:50 EST, 21 May 2012 l UPDATED: 05:57 EST, 21 May 2012
Mail Online
The news that the first academic conference wholly devoted to the study of the
Harry Potter novels as literary texts was held at the weekend at St. Andrew's
University in which literary scholars from around the world critiqued and
analyzed the semiotic implications, philosophical nuances and stylistic felicities of
J.K. Rowling's magnum opus strikes me as deeply worrying, not to mention a
very sad testament to much that is currently wrong with our attitudes to modern
popular culture and education.
With conference papers on the influence of C.S. Lewis on J.K. Rowling, the racial
politics of goblins and the mythopoesis of the Chaucerian tradition in the novels,
even l could not keep a straight face. As someone who spent several years
toiling (to admittedly little avail) in the groves of post-graduate academe on
medieval literature, l profess to know a
little of what they speak
For me, such attempts massively over-intellectualize popular culture in general
and teenage fads in particular, and thus demean the high seriousness of bona
fide, rigorous academic disciplines, be it in the humanities or the sciences.
Please don't get me wrong: this is not about being an intellectual snob. It is about
caring about the nature of academia and tertiary education, high culture and what
is deemed to be worthy of intellectual engagement for young people and adults
Microsoft V
Magi Manga Read
to apply for
March 8
2016 6:29pm
Give it a rest, J. K. R
owling
Harry Pott
C:\Users\yixin Documen
ts GitHub Text-to-Brai
lle python translatorM
ain. py
